feat: Adds a CLI for resolving names (#42)
ApeWorX/ape-ens: README.md

## Quick Usage

Ensure you are satisfied with your Ethereum mainnet setup in Ape, as this plugin requires a connection to Ethereum to resolve ENS domains.
More information on networks can be found in [Ape's network guide](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/stable/userguides/networks.html#networks).

If using Ape and not connected to mainnet, `ape-ens` will temporarily connect to Ethereum mainnet to resolve addresses, using your default mainnet provider.

To configure a default mainnet provider, do:

```yaml
ethereum:
  mainnet:
    default_provider: alchemy  # Example, you can use any mainnet provider
```

Otherwise, the plugin should still work with Ape's defaults, using an RPC from the `evmchains` library.

This plugin contains two features:

- A conversion API implementation: this allows you to use ENS values in contract calls and transaction kwargs.

> - a CLI for resolving ENS domains from the command line.

Reviewer: Maybe some other functions are good here? e.g. setting different records
```suggestion
- a CLI for interacting with ENS from the command line.
```
